Updates to documentation to prepare for docusaurus (#7)
vippsas/vipps-check-in-api: README.md

<!-- START_METADATA
---
title: Introduction
sidebar_position: 1
hide_table_of_contents: true
---
END_METADATA -->

# Vipps Check-In API

> The Check-In API is not available yet. See the [OpenAPI Spec](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-check-in-api/redoc.html) for a sneak peek.

Author: ```suggestion
The Check-in API (also called "Point of Sale API") is not available yet. See the [OpenAPI Spec](https://vippsas.github.io/vipps-developer-docs/api/check-in) for a sneak peek.
```
